[DoctrineBundle] Add infos about disabling the Autocommit mode (#20824)
symfony/symfony-docs: reference/configuration/doctrine.rst

        }
    }

> Disabling the Autocommit mode
> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Disable Autocommit Mode
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

> If you want to disable the `Autocommit`_ mode, you need to update your DBAL configuration as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To disable the `Autocommit`_ mode, update your DBAL configuration as follows:
```

                    # This line disables auto-commit at the DBAL level:
                    auto_commit: false

    .. code-block:: xml

        <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
        <container xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
           xmlns:doctrine="http://symfony.com/schema/dic/doctrine"
           xmlns="http://symfony.com/schema/dic/services"
           xsi:schemaLocation="http://symfony.com/schema/dic/services
                https://symfony.com/schema/dic/services/services-1.0.xsd
                http://symfony.com/schema/dic/doctrine
                https://symfony.com/schema/dic/doctrine/doctrine-1.0.xsd">
        
            <doctrine:config>
                <doctrine:dbal
                   auto-commit="false"
                 >
                     <!-- Only if you are using DBAL with PDO -->
                     <doctrine:connection name="default">
                         <doctrine:option key-type="constant" key="PDO::ATTR_AUTOCOMMIT">false</doctrine:option>
                     </doctrine:connection>
              </doctrine:dbal>
          </doctrine:config>
        </container>

> If you are managing your database migrations using the `Doctrine Migrations Bundle`_, you must also register a listener to ensure that the last migration is properly commited:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the `Doctrine Migrations Bundle`_, an additional listener needs to be registered to ensure that the last migration is properly committed:
```
